>> Nina: If we look at the string
representation of some of these built
in types that we've been working with.
Let's say I have a list here,
if I pass this into string I
get kind of nice human readable
string representation.
Something we're haven't
talked about is repr.
If I pass the list into repr,
this first string it looks a little
bit different but let's try this.
>> Nina: So as we build up our objects,
these simple ones can have
the same str and repr, but
more advanced objects you can think
of the string value as the human
readable string value.
What would I put in here that
would help other developers?
For repr, it's how would I tell Python
to create a new instance of this class?
So it's more kind of programmatic,
it's for
the system, not necessarily for
people to read.
And we'll see this as we work
with more advanced objects,
not really going to talk
about dates today, but
this is part of the standard library,
so the datetime module.
And something you might see is,
>> Nina: We
wanna get the current time right now.
So this is the name of the module.
I'll need to import datetime
again just like I did from cars,
import car, so this is like from datetime,
import datetime.
And I will call the now method on it.
If I look at the str(now), it will kind
of give me this human readable date.
If I look at the repr,
it's just gonna give me what
arguments I would need to pass
in to make any instance of it.
So let’s make a few, let’s make
a str and a repr for our class.
>> Nina: And we know that this dunder
init, I’m gonna put them up here.
>> Nina: We know that this dunder
init method gets called under
the hood when we create
a new instance of our class.
If we're using this built in
repr method on our class,
how might we represent that in our class?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Nina: What's more dunder it's more
double underscores.
So if I have my_subaru now,
before I put in either of
these methods,
it's gonna print out this junk.
Totally unuseful, doesn't tell me
anything about what's in the instance,
it just says, well, it's an object of
a car and it lives at this memory address.
And like, what now, right?
We wanna be friendly to other developers,
we wanna be friendly to ourselves.
So let's make a string method first and
to do that,
that's right, the double underscores.
Now, to represent the string
representation of my instance,
what am I gonna need
passed into this method?
>> Speaker 2: Self.
>> Nina: Self, that's right.
And then, I don't wanna use print here,
we wanna return a string.
The print function does
a call to display a value but
the print function itself
actually doesn't return a value.
So a little bit of
an important distinction here.
If I assigned a value to print,
the print statement,
it would do the print out but
if I checked the type of x, it's none.
>> Nina: Does that makes sense as to why?
Yeah so in this string method we
want to actually return a string.
And we're gonna,
>> Nina: We're
going to,
>> Nina: Just put
some stuff about our car in here right?
Human readable it doesn't really
matter what so I can say,
My car the ,
>> Nina: currently,
>> Nina: Self, ,
>> Nina: Okay, and
now scrolling to the top,
I'm going to reload that.
>> Nina: Okay, now if I make a new car,
>> Nina: I can now call str on it.
>> Nina: And it print something out.
And if I make a new_subaru,
>> Nina: Print out that,
My car the subaru, right?
So each instance,
print out the values for each instance.
>> Nina: For repr,
>> Nina: We
wanna do things a little bit differently.
So if I look at the datetime,
>> Nina: The repr for
the datetime, we'll see that
it's the class parentheses and
all of the arguments that
we need to instantiate it.
>> Nina: So
we would tend to do the same thing here.
>> Nina: And we would put, there's
some kind of tricky Python ways to get
the current class, but we're not gonna use
them right now we're just gonna say car.
And then we're gonna put
the parenthesis here,
and in here we're gonna put .
>> Nina: Reload that.
>> Nina: So now if I make a new car,
>> Nina: (Subaru Outback),
>> Speaker 2: You capitalize car.
>> Nina: All right,
capitalize car, thank you.
I can now call str on it,
on my new_subaru.
>> Nina: I could call repr on it as well.
>> Nina: And d is underscore special
underscore methods are tied into
these built-in methods in Python.
>> Nina: And as we saw earlier we keep
making new instances as part of a list
comprehension.
So if I had a list of
strings of numbers in here,
>> Nina: Oops.
A list of numbers.
I can say I want to assign
this to a variable.
Can do a list comprehension and say for
num in nums call int on
each of those numbers.
>> Nina: Oops I'm sorry so
I made a mistake here.
I made a float string here.
So maybe instead of calling int, let's
call float so that I can use my input.
And this'll return a list of floats.
And you can make new instances of
your custom classes in your list
comprehension as well.